so is the time in the prayer when I have
to try to convince my hosts in this case
Paul but I do know it'll be about
cooking myself so he said ok oh so smart
just go make me some smothered Cajun
style okra just go and do it
so I have I prepared for myself here a
sunshine tray of Louisiana food starting
from your left cly we've got onions
we've got the lovely mixed bell peppers
red yellow and green
we've got chopped okra or ladies fingers
as we call them in Lee in England
we've got skinned deep it's largely and
chopped tomatoes we've got chicken stock
at the back we've got Louisiana sausage
here and we've got some butter and swing
over the left of the pan and you will
see the first stage of my dish going
along here onions peppers and okra going
ahead they're in butter into that we put
some more of this magic Cajun mixture a
pink wonder this has become to be known
amongst our crew here stir that around a
little bit so this dish starts to absorb
the flavors I think I still had put more
butter in that pool you can't see him at
the moment but if in fact watching me
with an eagle eagle eye with great
interest here so into that some tomatoes
know what we're trying to do here is get
we've got that lot starting to cook so
they're gonna relay it all again on top
so that the food's gonna cook in
different sort of textures and flavors
hopefully see more onions in the peppers
in and learn some more okra in okay and
there's some more of the Cajun magic
that I probably probably a bit too much
that doesn't really matter around I'm
gonna have to employ some magical
television stuff here because obviously
if I let this cook on camera it would
last for about 35 minutes would be far
too long so right now look my entire
whole quick load my viewers fine so lots
and lots of minutes have gone by now
right back at the pot again a bit of
sausage this is a spicy sausage we pop
that in
okay then we're gonna add a bit of this
wonderful chicken stock and how
heartening that me again please slice
she would I was amazed that was on the
sophistication of the cooking when I
came to America I didn't expect by
reduce chicken stock so it's really good
news it's wonderful right back into
there
okay now that has been bubbling for not
really long enough but I want to add
some more tomorrow because this is okra
smothered in tomato put that in plenty
of tomato in this right now you just
stay with that Clive just keep looking
at that for the next 35 minutes okay so
there we are the proof of the pudding is
of course in eating mine
is the one with the wooden spoon in it
and Paul's the sort of more mature more
reduced looking one is on the metal
spoon it all we have to do Paul to see
where I've gone wrong where I've gone
right is to tasted I suppose could I try
yours yes now you're okay you're really
good at this wonderful job matter of
fact I think I think we'll since we're
identified who is this who with the
spoon I think we'll the kind of switched
spoons there this this is and the taste
comparison is very very close there's as
a little more depth than the one that's
cooked a long time but this is this is
this is this is good really you've done
a super job